Oh
we don't
only four but to get the Pioneer head
you install this factory is about the
goal and pioneer doubled in 7-inch
pioneered p40 200 DVDs going in
oh here's a wire which was it was a hole
right here which was perfect didn't have
to drill anything there's a hole right
here alright between the brake to put
the brake was a war and this is this
hole rather than chassis so that's for
the wire gonna go it's gonna be awesome
is the back seat it was took enough and
all the wiring is doing nothing fancy
just a little something
it was anything upgrading from the
factory factory amp is good
and I'll see 15 watts you know max
whatever 80 1,500 Autotech you know this
is a two-channel none crazy
these are going in here the front
speakers are going as a front speakers
right here or the back this sub was
going in rock is a rock board right for
us
lastly Auslan
anyway my sub is going in
in the face
for all
we see too good but you know you get the
gist of it all right so I'm gonna go
ahead and turn this off and no one you
know and this thing is about to come out
I'll start the video back up again see
you later